Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- Hey Mom.
- Hey.
How's your book coming along?
- It's coming great.
I’m almost done. actually.
I'm gonna see if I can get it published when I finish.
- Well. that'll be exciting.
Fingers crossed.
- Have you heard anything from Auntie Melissa?
- Uh. no.
No. I haven't.
I tried reaching out to her but she still doesn't
wanna talk to me.
- Mom.
is everything all right?
- Yeah. sweetie. everything's fine.
- Seriously. what's going on?
- I told you. it's nothing.
- Mom. don't lie to me.
- If you really wanna know.
I'm meeting with Mr. Big.
- La'Marr?
- Yes. Brittney. I need to finish what I started.
- What are you talking about? I'm coming with you.
- No. absolutely not!
- Please. Mom.
- No!
- Please. I don't want you to go by yourself.
- I can handle myself.
I don't want you getting caught up in this mess.
Right now.
I need you to stay put.
Do you understand me?
In the meantime.
I want you to clean up this house.
It's your birthday tomorrow.
- Okay.
Fine. all right.
- Thank you.
I will be back.
I promise.
I love you.
- I love you too. Mom.
- Mom. Mom!
No!
- Yeah. that's what the fuck you get.
- Look who it is.
- What's up. Big?
- Where's Reese?
- Oh he was here. he had to leave
to take care of business.
- Seriously.
why do you want me?
- Look. he left you a letter.
- A letter?
What the fuck is this?
He coulda called me.
- You know how Reese is.
- Hey!
What the hell you think you're doing?
Come with me.
- I just...
- Come with me.
- No.
- What?
- I have some business to take care of.
- Hey boss. look who I found spying on us.
- Brittney?
You really thought you could just
sneak up on us. huh?
You know what. I'm gonna end this now.
- You murderer.
- Funny you'd mention that.
I wasn’t…
- Police. hands. hands!
Hands up.
Now!
Hands up where I can see 'em.
- Clever.
- Hands behind your head!
- Turn around.
- Why didn't they kill him?
- You actually bought a gift?
- Yeah. of course I did.
- What'd you get?
- Got her some books by her favorite author. actually.
- That was sweet of you.
I know she'll love them.
- Thank you. Alex.
What'd you get her. Dre?
- I didn't buy her a damn thing.
- Babe.
- What?
- I thought you said you got her something.
- Why the hell would I waste my money?
I mean especially if she may not show up.
- Dude. she'll be there. okay.
- John. you said that last time and she wasn't there.
Goodness man.
as of late I just can't deal with her.
- You. you be nice.
- Seriously. okay.
You know what she's been going through
and we need to be there for her.
- You know. my patience is just wearing real thin.
- Of course it is.
- Okay. let's just go there.
Let's see what happens.
- I agree with Alex.
All right. it'd be good for all of us to see her.
- Yeah. if she shows up.
- Shut up. Dre.
- I'm surprised you could hear me.
- It's not like you know how to whisper.
Let's go.
- It's a bunch of gangsters.
- It seems like it is. but.
- All rise.
The Honorable Judge Jamie presiding.
- Good morning. ladies and gentlemen.
Are all parties present?
- Yes. your honor.
- You may be seated.
- Go ahead.
- Mr. Watkins.
where were you the night
Douglas Hayes was murdered?
- I was at home
watching old black and white movies.
- Interesting.
so you and your organization
weren't behind the West Lake murder?
- Nah. I did not commit those crimes.
- Quiet everyone.
You may continue.
- Mr. Watkins.
we have footage that looks
a lot like you and your team
killing Douglas...
- Excuse me!
There is no evidence that proves
that Mr. Watkins is behind the murder.
In fact. the footage we received
shows that it could be any number of gangs
that are popping up around the city.
- Lower your volume and have a seat.
- Those are the gangs you should be after. Your honor.
- Everyone quiet. please.
Quiet. please.
This case will reconvene next Tuesday.
La'Marr Watkins. you will remain in the county jail
until then without bail.
Court adjourned.
- I knew it. I knew this was gonna happen.
No. I frickin told you guys.
I knew she wasn't gonna come.
It's such a waste.
- Dre. can you for once in your life just be nice.
- No. I'm tired of dealing with this bullshit.
- Let's just wait a few extra minutes.
- What?
Dude. we've been here for an hour
and I haven't even ordered yet.
All I've got is this nasty ass water
that tastes like shit.
I asked'em for two lemons and they only gave me one.
I mean. how do you mess up on that?
- Dre!
- Like. how do you do that?
- Calm down.
- John. did you actually talk to her?
- Yeah. I did actually. earlier today
when she told me that she was gonna come.
- Yeah. well obviously that was a lie.
- Look who it is.
- Sorry I'm late. you guys.
- It's fine we were just getting ready to order.
- Yeah.
- Let me take a look at the menu.
- I would actually.
I would check out the pizza.
It's actually really good.
- I'm gonna have to try that out.
I really missed you guys.
You guys just don't even understand.
- I'm glad that you made it.
- It's so good to see you.
So. tell us. how have you been?
- Sorry guys.
- No. no. no. Don't apologize.
It's okay. it's all right.
- I was there today.
- Where?
- Mr. Big's trial.
His case is on hold.
- Hey!
Are you serious?
Can't we all just have a nice lunch together?
Brittney. that man is getting ready to face life in prison.
I mean what's wrong with...
- Dre!
- Dude. seriously.
- Brittney. don't.
- Shut up.
What the hell is wrong with you?
- Not even two minutes in and this happens.
- You are such an asshole.
- Are you serious?
- Hey. hey. hey. Don't listen to him.
He's just an asshole.
Are you all right?
- I need to go. I just need some time.
- Just stay.
- I just need some time. I'm sorry you guys.
- Put their fingerprints all over the weapons
and then we'll turn them into the police station.
With the new and overwhelming evidence
they'll be forced to release La'Marr
and put Brittney and her friends away for a long time.
Now. if that doesn't work
we'll have to put plan B into effect.
Understood?
- Really. yo?
Come on.
Mr. Big is locked up.
We could do what we want.
Think about it.
Are we really gonna take orders
from a guy with a corny ass.
Saturday morning cartoon character's name?
- Oh. I don't think Reese would like that
very much now would he?
All right. let me get this straight.
You're trying to tell us
that we should forget about the case
and let Mr. Big rot in prison.
Is that what you're trying to tell us?
- Yeah.
That's exactly what I'm saying.
- That is what he's telling us.
Anyone else got anything they'd like to add?
I thought not.
All right. time to get a move on.
Let's find Brittney and her friends
and don't forget to retrieve the weapons.
Report everything back to me.
Clock's ticking.
time to work.
- Gotta get going?
- Yeah. I got work in like 15 minutes.
- It's a good thing you work at the beach.
- Yeah. I love it. honestly.
Okay. I'm off to work.
- All right. babe.
Have a good day at work.
- Text me on your break.
- Okay.
See you guys.
Dre.
- Yeah?
- Be nice.
- Fine.
- All right. what's going on?
- Man. it's about what happened earlier.
- What about it?
- I just hate how things went down.
She just didn't deserve that.
- Yeah. I agree.
- We've known Brittney for awhile now.
I just miss how our friendship used to be.
We used to get ourselves into mischief.
Doing things our folks would be mad about.
The best part is.
we didn't have a care in the world.
Those memories are golden.
But after the incident.
our friendship's been shaken.
It's been worse the past few months.
- Honestly.
we haven't really been the best of friends to her lately.
- I know.
I have something to confess. John.
- What?
- I actually got Brittney a gift.
Why would you lie about that?
- I didn't wanna get my hopes up
and look like an idiot. John.
- Well you already are one. so it doesn't matter.
- We've got eyes on them.
- Bad ass kids with ugly ass moms.
What you doing. boy?
Excuse me. put that down.
Put. hey. hey fat ass!
- Stop.
- It's been hard for us all
and it was tragic. what happened.
I can't imagine the pain she feels.
But the only thing we can do right now
is be there for her.
She needs us.
- I'm gonna be better.
I'm gonna make things right. man.
- Hey. do you wanna get outta here?
- Yes. let's go before he notices.
- Hold up. whoa. hold up.
- Shit.
- I know you two didn't act
like you didn't just see me.
My favorite knuckle heads.
Where's the third one at?
- We tried to throw her a birthday dinner
and. well.
- Didn't go as planned?
I know it was Dre's fault.
- What?
- Yeah. yeah.
- Really?
- Look at you.
All quiet.
You're usually the first one
to open your big fat mouth.
- But I didn't...
- Shut up.
- All right. just let me...
- You explain. shut up!
I'll slap the fucking shit outta you.
Anyways.
you two gonna be at the Mayor's party tonight?
- The big fancy one the Mayor's hosting?
- Yeah. it's a celebration of all the progress
we've made as a whole.
Brittney should be there.
Dedicated to her as well
for helping us arrest Mr. Big.
- Interesting. I think we'll have to be there.
What time does it start?
- I think the doors open at 7:30.
- I think we should go.
- Uh. sure.
- You ready?
- Yeah.
- That's a good idea.
Yeah. you be safe.
Go to hell. Dre.
Oh. this fat ass kid is back.
Hey!
I'm gonna send you to Jenny Craig if you don't stop.
- Welcome to the SBN News.
I'm Tonya Williams.
First up. we'll be covering the latest news
about the West Lake murder case.
As you all know.
La'Marr Watkins.
publicly known as Mr. Big. is being accused
of murdering Douglas Hayes.
The police can't prove that La'Marr's
actually behind the murder
based on the footage that has been provided.
The police are investigating the weapons
that were used during the time of his murder.
The few guns that they have found so far
do not match up to the ones that were used
to murder Mr. Hayes
- Weapons?
- She's on the move.
- I don't know what I'm gonna wear.
- If I remember correctly
we're supposed to dress up.
- Dude. I hate. no.
- What. what?
- No. I hate dressing up.
- It'll be fine. relax.
All right. this is for Brittney.
- Yeah. you got a point.
- Hey. hey is that the same truck?
- Yes. um. shoot.
Uh. come on. let's go this way.
There's lots of white trucks.
- The truck's here.
I thought I saw something.
- What?
Oh shit.
Hey. Dre!
- No. no. no!
No. what are you doing? I didn't do anything.
I swear to god. I didn't do anything.
- Check the other side of the building.
He didn't get far.
- What?
- Brittney!
Brittney. John. it's John.
- Dre. what's going on?
What about John?
- An SUV was chasing John and I down
and a bunch of men jumped out
and they. they were chasing us.
They got John.
- Dre listen to me.
Get to my house as soon as possible.
- Let go of me!
No.
Jordan?
Wha. what?
- Shh.
- Geno?
Yes.
The job is done.
Don't worry. we did.
We're on our way back.
Don't just stand there.
Help me get him to the bathroom. Come on!
What. what are you doing?
- Why are you doing this?
- What are you talking about?
- This. Jordan.
Why did you save my life?
- I was just trying to.
- Oh. what the fuck?
- Dre. I can explain.
- What's going on?
Oh god. that's a dead body.
No. no. no. no.
No. we're gonna go to jail.
- No. no.
- I'm gonna. I'm gonna go the jail.
- No.
- No. no. no. I'm. I'm gonna.
Somebody's gonna make me their bitch!
- No. no. no. They're gonna change my name to Drea.
- Calm down. calm down.
- Calm down?
There's a fucking dead body! Calm down?
- Dre.
- Look. this may sound crazy.
but the lawyer who's always
with Mr. Big is behind this.
Her name is Geno.
- Geno?
I haven't heard of her.
- She's devised a plan to capture
and frame you guys for the West Lake murder.
Originally. after this job was done.
we were gonna turn you guys in with the weapons
forcing them to release Mr. Big.
- Well. now they have one of my friends.
How are we gonna get him back?
- Uh. we need to...
- I know!
I'm gonna get the police involved.
- No! You can't do that.
- Why not?
- No cop can be trusted.
Most cops are in on Mr. Big's plan.
- This just gets worse.
- That's why I'm here.
To help get your friend back.
but more importantly take down Geno and her men.
- Wow. that's great.
But did you think about how the three of us
are gonna take down their army?
- Hey. I think I know somebody who can help us.
- Wait. what?
You gotta be a special type of stupid.
- We have to do this.
It's the only way to make sure.
- Yeah. I know.
So how are we doing it?
- Look. Geno's hideout is
near the downtown area.
- Okay.
- There'll be two guards guarding the door.
We need to somehow create a diversion
so we can go in and take 'em out.
- That's a lot easier said than done.
- I've got a plan.
- Let's hear it.
- We're gonna grab her.
- And?
- We'll capture them.
I'll lead it.
- I'm in.
- Let's do it.
- What?
- Hey. I just wanted to apologize for earlier.
I know I haven't been a good friend.
But I wanted you to know that I'm always here.
I got ya a gift.
Happy birthday.
I'm gonna go help
Harold and Jordan.
Okay.
- Damn it. come on.
Call me ASAP.
- Hey.
- What's going on?
- Nothing. Jordan.
- Come on.
You can tell me what's going on.
- This isn't exactly how I saw this day going.
Especially not the day before my birthday.
I'm reliving the nightmare all over again.
- Um. I.
I understand.
- Do you really?
This very day a year ago
I watched my mom's car burst into flames.
She was inside it.
That image is in my mind playing from
the moment I wake up everyday.
My biggest fear is that the man who killed
my mother will be on the streets again.
- Brittney.
I'll do all that I can to prevent that nightmare.
I promise.
We all used to look up to Mr. Big.
He was like a father figure to me.
It hurt badly when you switched up.
That's why I joined. you know.
To know and understand why.
- We need to get going. Time's not on our side.
Dre. get in the front.
- Ah!
What's going on?
What. who are you guys?
- Well. hello.
You and your friends have something
in your possession that doesn't belong to you.
Mr. Big's weapons.
And tonight. my men
are going to gather up
all your friends and the weapons
and turn you into the police station.
- No. no. no. no. no.
You can't. you can't.
- Oh yes. yes. yes. yes.
And with all your fingerprints
all over the weapons
it'll be enough to convict you of the murder
and put you all away for a long. long time.
- Stop. stop. no. no. no you can't.
- Oh really. we can't?
You dare underestimate us?
Well I assure you. that you and your friends
are in for such a special. special treat tonight.
- Please don't. don't go.
No. no. you can't. no! Hey. hey!
Come back! Come back!
- Get what we can.
Come on. let's go.
I've got Brittney.
The rest of the stuff's in the car
if you wanna go get it.
- House keeping!
Woo!
Boy. get your ass out of the car.
- Jordan!
Brittney!
Come out and play.
- Hey boys.
You have to do better than that.
- Plan B. start plan B.
- Geno!
- What?
Auntie Melissa?
- Ah. yes. Brittney.
It is. ugh.
- How could you?
Why would you do this to us?
I thought you moved.
- Uh-uh. oh no. Brittney.
I've been here all along
working with La'Marr.
And guess what. sport?
- What?
- Plan B has been put into effect.
- Shit.
- Plan B?
Jordan. what does she mean?
Jordan. tell me what that is. tell me.
- I see he forgot to give you all the details.
Oh boy. are you in for a big surprise.
You see all of the police were in on the plan.
Are releasing Mr. Big as we speak.
- What?
- Uh-huh. uh-huh.
And he's headed to the party that Mayor's hosting.
- No.
- Uh-huh.
- No. no. this can't be.
This can't be happening.
- Now you see that your
pathetic attempts have failed.
- Brittney. I'm so sorry.
- You little saps.
Did you really think you could
prevent this from happening?
Seattle is in big trouble now.
- We need to get the hell out of here. now.
Mr. Big is out. We need to hurry
and beat him to the Mayor's party.
- You're coming with us. Geno.
- Let's go!
Mr. Big is out.
I repeat. Mr. Big is out.
He's heading to the Mayor's party.
We need backup and lots of guns.
- Oh my goodness. this is just gorgeous!
How are you? Hello.
- Right over here. Kim.
- Oh awesome. thank you so much.
- Can I have everyone's attention please?
Welcome. I'm Jennifer. I'm the executive director
of the Mayor's office
and I have the honor and privilege
to introduce to you.
my best friend and colleague.
We went to Seattle Pacific University together
and I knew even then
that my best friend
was going to make all the difference.
Ladies and gentlemen.
your Mayor. Kim Warren!
- Good evening and welcome.
I’m so glad that you all joined me
and thank you for that wonderful introduction.
In the last year we have reduced gang activities
significantly here in the city of Seattle.
And I want to thank my dear friend Brittney
for all she did into bringing
that notorious Mr. Big.
La'Marr Watkins. to justice.
Again. I thank you for joining us this evening
and please enjoy yourselves.
- Have you got an invitation?
- I'm so proud of you.
You did great.
- I wanna thank you again
for that wonderful introduction.
- Oh your speech was so amazing.
I was so proud.
- They are so wise to pick you as our mayor.
- Right. I was just telling them.
- You are so special. You guys are
the best friends that anybody could have.
- Well. well. well. We made it.
The party can finally get started.
Oh. how rude of me. Let me introduce myself.
My name is Mr. Big.
If y'all plan on leaving tonight.
you're gonna do exactly what I say.
- Mr. Big?
How am I supposed to take you seriously...
- Let's see.
Get up!
What's my name?
- Um. um. Mr. Big.
- So the whole party can hear you.
- Mr. Big!
- Good.
I think everyone's got it.
Sit down.
You!
Turn that camera on and record us live.
Hurry up!
- You're now live. sir.
- Good.
Hello. Seattle.
Or better yet America
Name's Mr. Big.
I'm currently at the Mayor's party.
Can't you tell?
We're all having a blast.
We're gonna have even more fun in approximately.
hm. in an hour.
If Seattle doesn't bring me 25 million dollars
to the top of the building in a helicopter.
Oh.
Wanna know what I mean by having more fun?
I'll be more than happy to show you.
Get up!
- No.
Please don't hurt her.
Please.
Take my life instead.
- Ben. what?
No.
- It's all right.
- Ben. please.
- I don't want anything to happen to you.
You mean more to me than anything.
I love you. Joyce.
- I love you.
- Do whatever you want to me.
But please. don't hurt her.
I'm begging you.
- Wow.
that's touching.
- Joyce!
- Clock's ticking.
Give me my mother fucking money!
- Oh come on. Dre.
Come on. Dre.
Dre. come on. come on.
- Police. police. police!
- Drop it!
- Aw.
so nice of you guys to join us.
Please. have a seat.
I insist.
Come on. let's go!
- Finally.
- Geno. Kolburn?
Nice of you guys to join us.
- Of course.
- You damn traitor.
- Oh. don't tell me you didn't know.
- Thanks for getting me out of that car. Kolburn.
Wouldn't miss this for the world.
I promise you.
this party will be remembered.
Because we have planted bombs in the building.
And when the time comes
it's gonna explode.
Oh Brittney.
You're coming with me.
Come on.
Get up!
No one leaves.
- Yes Ma'am.
- No one leaves this place.
- You got it.
- We have less than an hour before the bomb explodes.
- I know.
Don't worry. I'll get us outta here.
- Well. whatever it is. you better hurry up.
- Yeah.
- Sit your ass down.
- Why are you doing this?
- Your mother and a few of her friends
used to do work for me.
They did most of my dirty work.
That all changed after the West Lake murder.
That night we hid all the weapons
that were used at your mom's.
- For what?
- Because your mother was somebody
that nobody would ever suspect.
That next day she decided to leave the organization.
She planned on turning against us.
We had to stop her at all costs.
When you cross me
there are consequences.
- So that's why you killed my mother.
- No Brittney. he didn't kill your mom.
I did.
- Oh come on. Mel.
Come on pick up. pick up. pick up.
Hey. hey. uh Mel. I. I know.
I know. will you just listen to me?
No. you don't really understand what's going on.
No. Mr. Big he's gonna.
No. no. Mel don't hang up on me.
Please don't. don't hang up on me. Don't hang up.
will you. don't hang up!
God damn it!
- Mom. what's going on?
Are you okay?
- Uh.
yeah. yeah. It was just a.
it's a little miscommunication.
That's all.
- Mom.
- Hey. hey. hey. hey.
I don't want you to
worry about this. okay?
Why don't you just go back to bed?
- You fucking traitor!
Do you realize what you've done?
- It's Reese on the phone.
- Look. deal with this.
I’ll be back.
- You spoiled little shit.
My own sister betrayed me.
- Come on man. time's running out.
- Don't you think I know that?
Hold on.
- I mean. come on.
- I have a plan.
- Okay?
- I need you to make a distraction.
Something big. you know to draw him in
so I can take him out.
- Okay.
- I'm gonna slap the living shit out of you.
- I'm sorry.
- What the hell is wrong with you?
- I think I should fake an injury.
Ah. ah. agh my leg!
- What are you doing?
- Charlie horse!
Don't just stand there give me some water!
- Everybody out. come on.
Let's go. hurry up. everybody out! Come on.
- Let's go. let's go.
- Hey. All is left is to get Brittney.
- No. listen.I’ll take care of it.
Brittney's on the next floor up.
You have to go the other way to get there.
- What about you?
What about Kolburn?
- Don't worry about me.
I'll handle him.
Kolburn likes the play games
but he's in luck. 'cause I do too.
Go. I'm all right. go.
Damn.
I suspected a lot of cops to be in on this. but you?
What happened to wanting to make a difference?
- Ain't no choice.
I got bills.
And an ex-wife I gotta take care of.
Oh shit. you wouldn't understand.
God damn city doesn't pay me enough.
Busted my ass all those years
and I got nothing to show for it.
- You know. I'm quite disappointed Kolburn.
- Ha. I gotta make end's meet.
- So deciding to join Mr. Big
was the right thing to do?
- I can't complain about all the extra money I'm making.
- You're better than this.
You don't have to do this.
- Yeah. I kinda do.
- Kolburn listen. help us take down Mr. Big.
Okay. you're not ready
for what's to come if you don't stop.
- Ready?
When this is over with. you're gonna be gone
and forgotten about.
- Real funny.
- Did you ever think you were a good cop?
You're a fucking joke.
- Is that what your wife said when she left you?
- Fuck you.
- You wish.
- Well. one of us is gonna die here tonight.
And it's gonna be.
- You're right.
Only one us was gonna die tonight.
But it was you.
- Do you know what?
I'm done.
that's it.
I'm pulling the plug.
- Auntie.
Please. listen to me.
My mom saw what La'Marr was scheming.
She saw that he was only using you all along.
She set him up to get arrested to save you.
When La'Marr figured out
what she was scheming.
he manipulated the situation
and turned you against your own sister.
- What?
Why would he do that?
- Control.
La'Marr loves to be in control.
Look what he's making you do.
Neither Kate nor I would ever betray you.
I love you.
More than life itself.
Remember that book that
I was writing a few years ago?
I finished it
and I dedicated it to you.
I even used that quote that you always told me
when I was growing up.
On this planet there's nothing more
- Prized and powerful than true friendship.
- Auntie.
we had true friendship.
We forged that bond that
was never to be broken.
Look at us now!
Please.
No!
No. no. auntie please. no!
No. no. don't leave me.
Don't leave me. please. no.
No.
- Brittney!
- Jordan. Jordan. watch out!
- Oh!
- Jordan. Jordan. Jordan.
- Dre. Dre!
- Alex!
- Dre.
I was so worried about you.
I tried to text and call.
Are you okay?
- Yeah. yeah.
We're okay.
- Dre. where's Brittney?
Oh my god.
- Jordan. Jordan.
Jordan.
Mr. Big. he's heading for the helicopter.
Go. go. go.
- That's a pretty good shot.
Not as good as mine.
I see I taught you well.
You could have been a very powerful weapon.
But just like Geno.
you ain't got no heart.
That's why I left.
can't you see?
I had no use for you.
You're useless. Jordan.
Go ahead. pull the trigger.
Pull the trigger. mother fucker!
You don't got the balls.
.You don't got the balls!
- We got him.
- We gotta go. there's a bomb in the building.
We gotta go.
Come on. let's go. we gotta go.
- Everybody move.
move. get away! As far as you can.
The building's going to explode.
- Dre!
What are you doing?
- We have to go. now!
- I'm not leaving without Brittney.
- Are you crazy?
- No. no. I can't.
- But Dre.
- We can't just stay here.
- I'm not leaving.
- No. we can't stay here.
- No. I'm not. I can't leave. I can't.
- Dre.
- Dre. Dre. we don't have a choice.
Come on. come on.
- Move your ass.
- So nice to see you. bud.
How are you doing. buddy?
I’ll help you up.
- Brittney.
- All right. let's go.
There's nothing left.
Brittney.
- I would like to congratulate these individuals.
My dear friend. Brittney. John. Dre.
and now Detective Harold.
for working so hard to save so many lives.
including my own.
And bringing down
La'Marr Watkins.
Better known to some as Mr. Big.
One of the most dangerous criminals in this world.
I just think that it's time for us to move forward
to make Seattle an even safer place to live
and raise our families.
Thank you so much.
- Thank you for everything.
- No. thank you.
- Quite unfortunate what happened.
I lost my best men that night.
I'm quite disappointed.
Not in you.
Listen. we still have unfinished business
that needs to be taken care of.
I need you to take care of this.
You don't want to disappoint me. do you?
- No. no of course not.
- Because if you do.
There'll be consequences.
It's time we paid the city a little visit.